== 2012.12.17a

* Test suite speedup: stop using Rubydora transaction rollback.
* Bug fix: deployment automation.
* Deployed to hydrus-test.
* Deployed to hydrus-prod.

== 2012.12.14c

* Deployment automation.
* Deployed to hydrus-test.

== 2012.12.14b

* Deployment automation.
* Deployed to hydrus-test.

== 2012.12.14a

* Bug fix: add related cites now get displayLabel attribute.
* Improved test for related_item getters/setters.
* Deployment automation.
* Deployed to hydrus-test.

== 2012.12.13b

* Rake task to deploy Hydrus.
# Bug fix: adding related item link was not working.
# Bug fix: accept terms of deposit was not working.
* Deployed to hydrus-test.

== 2012.12.13a

* Updated to a proper SOLR 4.0 branch of hydra-jetty.
* Rake task to list all Hydrus objects.
* Added view for hydrus admins to list all collections.
* Added Hydrus.profile() method.
* New feature for dev-mode and admins: datastreams tab.
* Updated to dor-services 3.17.6.
* Added cannot_do() protection to create() and accept_terms_of_deposit().
* Refactor relatedItem adding and related code.
* Refactor methods that create and augment descMetadata.
* Improved create_test_item.rb.
* Item validation: at least one keywords is required.
* Fixed glitch in required_fields_completed?().
* Deployed to hydrus-test.

== 2012.12.03a

* Overhaul of embargo-visibility-license.
* HyTime module to rationalize handling of dates and times.
* Render newlines as <br/> tags in Item and Collection abstracts.
* Upgraded dor-services to 3.17.2: fixes bug in public XML (DC).
* Terms of deposit: can view/download as PDF.
* Globally changed @document_fedora to @fobj.
* Deployed to hydrus-test.

== 2012.11.14a

* Experimental deployment to production server.
