Collection Edit: with Javascript enabled, cannot add more than one person-role
without clicking Save after each one.  

Item Edit: When adding people, if a row with no name field is present when the 
form is saved, that row should not be stored at all.  There is currently a bug
which occurs if you add a blank row (i.e. no no name), and then add another row with a name and then save.  Strange things happen (the role field and/or name value is lost).

Submit relevant (or all) form data on addition of multi-valued fields (issues
w/ non-linear indexed role MD)

Item Edit: form for a new item should be populated with default values for the 
embargo and license fields.

--------------------------------------------------
Updating info when Collections/Items are published
--------------------------------------------------

When Coll/Item is published, use workflow service to advance hydrusAssemblyWF:
 submit = completed
 approve = completed # If approval/review not needed

When Coll/Item is approved (either automatically or by user), use workflow service to:
 advance hydrusAssemblyWF
 start-assembly = completed
 initialice the assemblyWF
 "#{Dor::Config.dor.service_root}/dor/v1/objects/#{@pid}/apo_workflows/assemblyWF"

APO.identityMetadata.objectLabel = "APO for #{Collection.title}"

APO.descMetadata.title = "APO for #{Collection.title}"

APO.defaultObjectRights: create datastream.

Collection.identityMetadata.objectLabel = Collection.title

Item.identityMetadata.objectLabel = Item.title


----------------------------
Collection and Item creation
----------------------------

roleMetadata: add namespaces to fixtures.

Item.embargo datastream: create the DS, using default embargo info from APO.


-------
WAITING
-------

APO RELS-EXT datastream needs to add a child node to <rdf:Description>:
<hydra:referencesAgreement rdf:resource="info:fedora/druid:XXX"/>, where XXX is
the PID of the global Hydrus Agreement object. [The Hydrus agreement object
needs to be created -- need more details].

Create new Collection: rightsMetadata should be created automatically, as soon
as the corresponding APO has the defaultObjectRights datastream. However, my
understanding is that the APO won't get this datastream until the user clicks
Publish. [need more details from Lynn]

Create new Item: rightsMetadata should be created automatically, as soon as the
corresponding APO has the defaultObjectRights datastream. The rightsMetadata
will contain the Item-level license and visibility info (confirm the latter).
However, my understanding is that the APO won't get the defaultObjectRights
datastream until the user clicks Publish. [need more details from Lynn]

Events datastreams for Collections and Items: create datastreams and add events
to them. [waiting on spec for the relevant events and the stream content]

Collection create/edit: need place to store whether Collection requires
approval/review. Also need UI component.

Store "agree to terms" checkbox for item [we need a place to store this].

Item view: release date. See Consul page. Date from "published" lifecycle when
it exists, else "not released". Display format: 31-Jan-2012. [waiting on
workflow discussion]

Use reified WFs rather than putting them in the APO. [Need more info on how
this works and its relative priority. Also waiting on some work Willy is doing
in dor-services.]

Collection create: APO.roleMetadata: set the value of <name> for the
collection-manager [waiting on LDAP].

Collection create: APO.descMetadata. Flesh out. [waiting on spec from Lynn]
