Events: collection and item view beautification/tabification.

Item.embargo datastream: create the DS, using default embargo info from APO.

Item Edit: When adding people, if a row with no name field is present when the
form is saved, that row should not be stored at all. There is currently a bug
which occurs if you add a blank row (i.e. no no name), and then add another row
with a name and then save. Strange things happen (the role field and/or name
value is lost).

Submit relevant (or all) form data on addition of multi-valued fields (issues
w/ non-linear indexed role MD)

Implement editing events. Collection: modify description, visibility,
license, release, roles. Item: modify description, files, license, release,
roles; and upload/replace/delete a file.

Qualify roles by their domain: for example, "hydrus-collection-creator". See
Consul Repository+Roles+and+Permissions. Also note that the roles differ
slightly from those currently in the app.

Implement "Reject" button, to be used when a reviewer does not approve.


-------
WAITING
-------

Create new Collection/Item: create rightsMetadata. The rightsMetadata will
contain the Item-level license and visibility info.  [Need more info: I assume
we will use Stanford-flavored rightsMetadata. Any other requirements?]

When javascript is disabled, it is not possible to add new items, because the
drop down menus don't work. Applies to home page and Collection view page.
[Postpone this until we have GG's new design for sidebar, etc.]

Item valiation. The :actors validation does not impose much of a test, because
the xml template for descMD always includes an actor (with a blank role and
name). If we care about the test, it needs to do more (or we need to modify
descMD and/or UI?). [Waiting until JK refactors handling of multi-valued
fields, Javascript, etc.]

Need a place to store Item types. Currently hardcoded to :dataset. Also see
object_type() in GenericObject. [Lynn and Hannah will discuss]

APO RELS-EXT datastream needs to add a child node to <rdf:Description>:
<hydra:referencesAgreement rdf:resource="info:fedora/druid:XXX"/>, where XXX is
the PID of the global Hydrus Agreement object. [The Hydrus agreement object
needs to be created -- need more details].

Use reified WFs rather than putting them in the APO. [Need more info on how
this works and its relative priority. Also waiting on some work Willy is doing
in dor-services.]

Collection create: APO.roleMetadata: set the value of <name> for the
collection-manager [waiting on LDAP].

Collection create: APO.descMetadata. Flesh out. [waiting on spec from Lynn]

Should roleMetadata have an XML namespace? If so, what should it be? Could not
find any definitive examples in Consul. [waiting on response from Lynn]

Assess whether we can speed up the integration test suite.

Item view page: the actions box div is called "div.collection-actions".
[Postpone this until we have GG's new design for sidebar, etc.]
